c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Pericles.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\explosions.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Star Defense.exe
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Star Defense.pdb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\Star Defense.exe
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\Star Defense.pdb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ParallaxStars.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PrimaryBackground.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PlayerShip.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PlayerBullet.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Enemy.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\TitleScreen.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\GameScreen.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PowerUp.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\battle003.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\battle004.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\scifi002.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\scifi041.xnb
c:\users\kurt\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Star Defense\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\scifi050.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Pericles.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\ParallaxStars.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\explosions.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PrimaryBackground.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PlayerShip.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PlayerBullet.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Enemy.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\TitleScreen.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\GameScreen.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\PowerUp.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\battle003.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\battle004.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\scifi002.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\scifi041.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sounds\scifi050.xnb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Star Defense.exe
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\bin\x86\Debug\Star Defense.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\Star Defense.exe
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\repo\SpaceGame\Star Defense\Star Defense\obj\x86\Debug\Star Defense.pdb
